docs/tutorial/grashopper/documentation_rst/04_publish_material.rst, before:

******************
PublishMaterial
******************

.. image:: ../images/Publish/Publish_Textures.png

.. topic:: Definition
    
  This component is used to connect Rhino Materials that should be published to a channel. It takes all Materials from the Rhino file. Make sure to remove all unused Materials.
  Textures are automatically resized to 1200px to avoid unnecessary large files, try to avoid this step by using smaller textures, this can be changed with right clicking the component for options.

**Input**

.. table::
  :align: left

  =========== =============================== ===========
  Name        Description                     Type
  =========== =============================== ===========
  Connection  Link with the Connect component Connection
  =========== =============================== ===========

**Output**

.. table::
  :align: left
    
  =======     ===================================== ==============
  Name        Description                           Type
  =======     ===================================== ==============
  Log         Documents changes & Data send         Text
  Content     Connect to Save component for saving  RADii content
  =======     ===================================== ==============

**Menu:**

.. table::
  :align: left
    
  =========== ========================  =============
  Resolution  Max size of the texture   Pixel count
  =========== ========================  =============

.. attention:: 

  - RADii only reads Custom Materials properly from Rhino, no Emission, Glass, Paint, Plaster, ...
  - in case your Custom Material remains black, try changing the color profile of the image in use to RGB

Commit message:

Hi gereon, bin noch nicht ganz durch aber in 01 components overview hat es ein paar allgemeine kommentare drin zu was mir bisher aufgefallen ist. einiges habe ich in den von mir bearbeiteten sections schon angepasst

docs/tutorial/grashopper/documentation_rst/04_publish_material.rst, after:

******************
PublishMaterial
******************

.. image:: ../images/Publish/Publish_Textures.png

.. topic:: Definition
    
  This component is used to connect Rhino Materials that should be published to a channel. It takes all Materials from the Rhino file. Make sure to remove all unused Materials.
  Textures are automatically resized to 1200px to avoid unnecessary large files, try to avoid this step by using smaller textures, this can be changed with right clicking the component for options.

**Input**

.. table::
  :align: left

  =========== =============================== ===========
  Name        Description                     Type
  =========== =============================== ===========
  Connection  Link with the Connect component Connection
  =========== =============================== ===========

**Output**

.. table::
  :align: left
    
  =======     ===================================== ==============
  Name        Description                           Type
  =======     ===================================== ==============
  Log         Documents changes & Data sent         Text
  Content     Connect to Save component for saving  RADii content
  =======     ===================================== ==============

**Menu**

.. table::
  :align: left
    
  =========== ========================  =============
  Resolution  Max size of the texture   Pixel count
  =========== ========================  =============


.. @gereon the secont point below with the black material is unclear

.. important::

  - RADii only reads Custom Materials properly from Rhino, no Emission, Glass, Paint, Plaster, ...
  - in case your Custom Material remains black, try changing the color profile of the image in use to RGB
