docs/tutorial/grashopper/documentation_rst/07_publish_View.rst, before:

************
PublishView
************

.. image:: ../images/Publish/Publish_view.png
    :scale: 80 %

This component is used to publish saved views to all Subscribers of a channel. All present Subscribers will be moved to the selected view.

- there are two ways to import views:
  
  - Grasshopper via the component input
  - Saved Rhino views are accessible in the component menu

**Input**

=============   ======================================  ==============
Name            Description                             Type
=============   ======================================  ==============
Connection      Link with the Connect component         Connect
Camera Planes   Planes to define viewpoints             Plane
Field of view   Size of view                            Number
Index           To switch between views                 Number
=============   ======================================  ==============

**Output**

=======   ======================================  ==============
Name      Description                             Type
=======   ======================================  ==============
Log       Documents changes & Data send           Text
Save      Connect to SaveContent for saving       RADii content
=======   ======================================  ==============

**Menu**

=========== ======================================  
View        Duration Speed to switch between views
Active view Rhino Views
=========== ======================================

*Tip:* The camera lense length from Rhino is used for Rhino views.

Commit message:

restructuring aligning tables to left side detail adjustemnts. evening commit

docs/tutorial/grashopper/documentation_rst/07_publish_View.rst, after:

************
PublishView
************

.. image:: ../images/Publish/Publish_view.png
    :scale: 80 %

This component is used to publish saved views to all Subscribers of a channel. All present Subscribers will be moved to the selected view.

- there are two ways to import views:
  
  - Grasshopper via the component input
  - Saved Rhino views are accessible in the component menu

**Input**

.. table::
  :align: left

  =============   ======================================  ==============
  Name            Description                             Type
  =============   ======================================  ==============
  Connection      Link with the Connect component         Connect
  Camera Planes   Planes to define viewpoints             Plane
  Field of view   Size of view                            Number
  Index           To switch between views                 Number
  =============   ======================================  ==============

**Output**

.. table::
  :align: left
    
  =======   ======================================  ==============
  Name      Description                             Type
  =======   ======================================  ==============
  Log       Documents changes & Data send           Text
  Save      Connect to SaveContent for saving       RADii content
  =======   ======================================  ==============

**Menu**

.. table::
  :align: left
    
  =========== ======================================  
  View        Duration Speed to switch between views
  Active view Rhino Views
  =========== ======================================

*Tip:* ``The camera lense length from Rhino is used for Rhino views.``
