docs/tutorial/grashopper/documentation_rst/08_publish_Pointcloud.rst, before:

*********************
PublishPointcloud
*********************

.. image:: ../images/Publish/Publish_Pointclouds.png
    :scale: 90 %

This component is used to publish Pointclouds to a channel.

*Note:* Pointclouds have a tendency to be very large and can be a strain on your pc, in those cases see `Tools Pointcloud`_ to reduce their size.

**Input**

===========  ======================================  ==============
Name         Description                             Type
===========  ======================================  ==============
Connection   Link with the Connect component         Connect
Point Cloud  Input for a Point cloud                  Point cloud
===========  ======================================  ==============




**Output**

==========  ======================================  ==============
Name        Description                             Type
==========  ======================================  ==============
Log         Documents changes & Data send           Text
Content     Connect to Content                      RADii content
==========  ======================================  ==============

Commit message:

restructuring aligning tables to left side detail adjustemnts. evening commit

docs/tutorial/grashopper/documentation_rst/08_publish_Pointcloud.rst, after:

*********************
PublishPointcloud
*********************

.. image:: ../images/Publish/Publish_Pointclouds.png
    :scale: 90 %

This component is used to publish Pointclouds to a channel.

**Note:** ``Pointclouds have a tendency to be very large and can be a strain on your pc, in those cases see`` `Tools Pointcloud`_ ``to reduce their size.``

**Input**

.. table::
  :align: left

  ===========  ======================================  ==============
  Name         Description                             Type
  ===========  ======================================  ==============
  Connection   Link with the Connect component         Connect
  Point Cloud  Input for a Point cloud                  Point cloud
  ===========  ======================================  ==============




**Output**

.. table::
  :align: left
    
  ==========  ======================================  ==============
  Name        Description                             Type
  ==========  ======================================  ==============
  Log         Documents changes & Data send           Text
  Content     Connect to Content                      RADii content
  ==========  ======================================  ==============
