docs/tutorial/grashopper/documentation_rst/12_SaveContent.rst, before:

************
SaveContent
************

.. image:: ../images/Save_Content/Save_Content.png

.. topic:: Definition
  
  This component is used to save content locally or to a channel in the cloud.

**Input**

.. table::
  :align: left

  ==========  ======================================  ==============
  Name        Description                             Type
  ==========  ======================================  ==============
  Connection  Link with the Connect component         Connection  
  Content     To be included in the save              RADii content
  ==========  ======================================  ==============

**Menu**

.. table::
  :align: left
    
  ==============  ==========================================
  Save            Save a RADii file locally
  Cloud Manager   Save to the connected channel
  ==============  ==========================================


.. image:: ../images/Save_Content/Save_Content2.png
    :scale: 100 %

.. tip::

  - Cloud content can be loaded via the scenario manager

Commit message:

ich habe mit @gereon kommentare an dich zum diskutieren, @help mit der bitte, das anzupassen, was ich nicht schaffe und mit RevSarah in Zeile 1 habe ich die Teile markiert, die ich recht detailiert durchgeganngen bin - ich wäre froh, wenn das drinbleiben könnte, damit ich mal durch alles durchgehen kann, und weiss, wo ich schon war.

docs/tutorial/grashopper/documentation_rst/12_SaveContent.rst, after:

.. RevSarah

************
SaveContent
************

.. image:: ../images/Save_Content/Save_Content.png

.. topic:: Definition
  
  This component is used to save content locally or to a channel in the cloud.

**Input**

.. table::
  :align: left

  ==========  ======================================  ==============
  Name        Description                             Type
  ==========  ======================================  ==============
  Connection  Link with the Connect component         Connection  
  Content     To be included in the save              RADii content
  ==========  ======================================  ==============

**Menu**

.. table::
  :align: left
    
  ==============  ==========================================
  Save            Save a RADii file locally
  Cloud Manager   Save to the connected channel, rename and delete files from selected channels
  ==============  ==========================================


.. image:: ../images/Save_Content/Save_Content2.png
    :scale: 100 %

.. tip::

  Cloud content can be loaded via the scenario manager

.. @gereon: add link to scenario manager above
