docs/tutorial/Viewer_PC/documentation_rst/3_Publish.rst, before:

************
Publish Menu
************
.. icon Menu

.. image:: /tutorial/Radii_Icons/publish_circle_48.png
    :scale: 60


.. image:: ../images/Publish_menu_detail.png
    :align: right
    :scale: 70%


This menu allows for the control of other viewers, the publication of content and the publication of 
parameters to Rhino sessions that have subscribed to this specific viewer.

1. **Published content**

- controls the type of content that is published with this viewer

2. **Publish control**

=========   =================================================================
Control     This viewer's settings are forced on all other viewers
Follow      viewers on the channel are forced to follow this viewer's movement
Merge       control and follow in one button
=========   =================================================================

*Note:* to Publish control, the active viewer has to be a member auf the channel


3. **Parameters** 

Send parameters back to Rhino Grasshopper that can be received with `Subscribe Parameter`_ 


**Add by** typing a *name* and then click 


======================================================  =====================================
.. image:: /tutorial/Radii_Icons/Circle.png             Boolean (on/off)
.. image:: /tutorial/Radii_Icons/Control.png            Slider (Number between 0 and 1)
.. image:: /tutorial/Radii_Icons/Numb_Parameter_24.png  Integer (0,1,2, ...)
======================================================  =====================================


**Video tutorial:**

- `Parameters <https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d4HaI0gQRH4>`_
- `Voice chat and viewer to viewer control`_

Commit message:

restructuring aligning tables to left side detail adjustemnts. evening commit

docs/tutorial/Viewer_PC/documentation_rst/3_Publish.rst, after:

************
Publish Menu
************
.. icon Menu

.. image:: /tutorial/Radii_Icons/publish_circle_48.png
    :scale: 60


.. image:: ../images/Publish_menu_detail.png
    :align: right
    :scale: 70%


This menu allows for the control of other viewers, the publication of content and the publication of 
parameters to Rhino sessions that have subscribed to this specific viewer.

1. **Published content**

- controls the type of content that is published with this viewer

2. **Publish control**

.. table::
  :align: left 
    
  =========   =================================================================
  Control     This viewer's settings are forced on all other viewers
  Follow      viewers on the channel are forced to follow this viewer's movement
  Merge       control and follow in one button
  =========   =================================================================

*Note:* to Publish control, the active viewer has to be a member auf the channel


3. **Parameters** 

Send parameters back to Rhino Grasshopper that can be received with `Subscribe Parameter`_ 


**Add by** typing a *name* and then click 

.. table::
  :align: left 

  ======================================================  =====================================
  .. image:: /tutorial/Radii_Icons/Circle.png             Boolean (on/off)
  .. image:: /tutorial/Radii_Icons/Control.png            Slider (Number between 0 and 1)
  .. image:: /tutorial/Radii_Icons/Numb_Parameter_24.png  Integer (0,1,2, ...)
  ======================================================  =====================================


**Video tutorial:**

- `Parameters <https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d4HaI0gQRH4>`_
- `Voice chat and viewer to viewer control`_
