docs/tutorial/Quick_Guide/Setup/4_install_occulus.rst, before:

______________
Setup Oculus
______________

Please be aware that the Oculus and its environments are subject to frequent changes, the following tutorial might be out of date or diverge slightly from the current state. We are hoping to release a viewer through the app store at a later stage.

1. Download the advanced version of `sidequest <https://sidequestvr.com/>`_
2. Download the .apk file under the name `Radii Viewer VR universal`_ from https://Radii.info in the Download section
3. Set your Oculus account to developer mode (you have to be part of a developer organization), log in to your account on your device and enable Settings > System > Developer, and then turn on the USB Connection Dialog option.
4. Connect the Oculus to your device and start side on the later
5. Allow for debugging on your Oculus
6. On sidequest select the install .apk file and install

To find the Radii Viewer app on Oculus:

1. Select the app library
2. Filter apps for unknown sources 
3. Start Radii Viewer VR

Congratulations you have installed Radii on your Vr device

Commit message:

restructuring aligning tables to left side detail adjustemnts. evening commit

docs/tutorial/Quick_Guide/Setup/4_install_occulus.rst, after:

______________
Setup Oculus
______________

Please be aware that the Oculus and its environments are subject to frequent changes, the following tutorial might be out of date or diverge slightly from the current state. We are hoping to release a viewer through the app store at a later stage.

1. Download the advanced version of `sidequest <https://sidequestvr.com/>`_
2. Download the .apk file under the name `Radii Viewer VR universal`_ from https://Radii.info in the Download section
3. Set your Oculus account to developer mode (you have to be part of a developer organization), log in to your account on your device and enable Settings > System > Developer, and then turn on the USB Connection Dialog option.
4. Connect the Oculus to your device and start sidequest on the later

.. image:: ../Setup/Images/VR_setup_02_detected.png
    :scale: 50%
       
5. Allow for debugging on your Oculus
6. On sidequest select the install .apk file and install

.. image:: ../Setup/Images/VR_setup_03_install_apk.png
    :scale: 50%

Congratulations you have installed Radii on your Vr device


To find the Radii Viewer app on Oculus:

1. Select the app library
2. Filter apps for unknown sources 
3. Start Radii Viewer VR
