docs/tutorial/Quick_Guide/3_LV Presentation_Storry.rst, before:

**********************************
Tutorial: Advanced Presentation
**********************************


This tutorial will show how to create a more advanced presentation with the `Publish Animation`_ and `Publish Control`_ .

With `Publish Animation`_ it is possible to send viewers on defined paths and `Publish Control`_ lets you control the display settings of all viewers as well as the weather and the background. With `Publish Reference`_ it is possible to direct the viewers to load references into the scene from the cloud.  

With the scenario manager of the `Save Scenario`_ component, you can bundle the content of all or some of the publish components and save them into a series of scenarios to switch through them.


.. image:: ../Quick_Guide/3_LV_advanced_review/Grashopper_advanced_components_layout.png
    :scale: 60 %

Component list 
-------------------------

to be linked to the `Connect`_ component:

- PublishMaterial_
- PublishGeometry_
- `Publish Section`_ 
- `Publish View`_
- `Publish Animation`_
- `Publish Reference`_
- `Publish Control`_
- `Save Scenario`_
- `Save Content`_



Video Examples:
---------------------

- `Animation from 7 simple planes <https://www.youtube.com/shorts/9h1RwmqvWDQ>`_
- `Publish Control Tutorial <https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U9Uv8wFHlSQ>`_

Commit message:

small canges to save scenario geting rid of the example

docs/tutorial/Quick_Guide/3_LV Presentation_Storry.rst, after:

**********************************
Tutorial: Advanced Presentation
**********************************


This tutorial will show how to create a more advanced presentation with the `Publish Animation`_ and `Publish Control`_ .

With `Publish Animation`_ it is possible to send viewers on defined paths and `Publish Control`_ lets you control the display settings of all viewers as well as the weather and the background. With `Publish Reference`_ it is possible to direct the viewers to load references into the scene from the cloud.  

With the scenario manager of the `Save Scenario`_ component, you can bundle the content of all or some of the publish components and save them into a series of scenarios to switch through them.


.. image:: ../Quick_Guide/3_LV_advanced_review/Grashopper_advanced_components_layout.png
    :scale: 60 %

Component list 
-------------------------

to be linked to the `Connect`_ component:

- PublishMaterial_
- PublishGeometry_
- `Publish Section`_ 
- `Publish View`_
- `Publish Animation`_
- `Publish Reference`_
- `Publish Control`_
- `Save Scenario`_
- `Save Content`_


Examples
------------------------

The plan is to do the following: Geometry (a building) that has to be publish or downloaded from the server (1), then a walk through it, change the time of the day and the weather (2) and continue your tour via a series of pre defined views (3-4).

Setting and sending the above mentioned live during a presentation takes a lot of time. It is quicker to collect the content into scenarios and save them. Switch through them during a presentation then becomes more easier and makes more complex presentations possible.



**1)**

.. image:: ../images/Publish/Scenario_Manager_examples/1.png
  :alt: 1)

**2)**

.. image:: ../images/Publish/Scenario_Manager_examples/2.png
  :alt: 2)


**3-4)**

.. image:: ../images/Publish/Scenario_Manager_examples/3.png
  :alt: 3-4)

.. image:: ../images/Publish/Scenario_Manager_examples/4.png  
  :alt: 3-4)

Video Examples:
---------------------

- `Animation from 7 simple planes <https://www.youtube.com/shorts/9h1RwmqvWDQ>`_
- `Publish Control Tutorial <https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U9Uv8wFHlSQ>`_
