docs/tutorial/Quick_Guide/Quick_Guides.rst, before:

**************
Guides 
**************
.. @gereon wenn die anderen jetzt alle tutorials heissen, müsste das dann nicht auch tutorial heissen? und wie steht die seite zur setup seite?

| Welcome to the guide overview page.

This page will give a general overview about the different parts of RADii.
In the subpages of the guide section, found at the end of this page, guides for the installation and a range of use cases, sorted by complexity can be found.


The setup for each device takes between 5 - 15 min


3 Parts of RADii
----------------------------------------------

.. topic:: RADii Account
	
	Register on  `RADii.info`_ for your own domain, more storage, advanced management and functionalities. *Register* in the user panel *and confirm* your email. It is not necessary to set a domain name.

.. topic:: RADii Viewers

	Models can be explored via the Radii Viewers, that have to be installed as stand alone programs.
	Viewers are available for a number of different operating systems such as Windows/Mac, IPhone/Android and Oculus VR. 


.. topic:: RADii Grasshopper Plugin

	The plugin enables you to publish(send) and subscribe(receive) 3D models and other geometry. It is running inside of `Rhino 3D <https://www.rhino3d.com/>`_.



.. @gereon wenn wir hier unten von tutorials reden, wäre vielleicht auch in den Überschriften der Ausdruck passender als guides


Video Tutorials
---------------

Should you come across discrepancies between the videos and what you encounter in RADii please return to the written manual.

- `Thomas Lee - Radii tutorials playlist <https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLsnxnhDZs-abvOYTdO6MPhOkPDq6ffQNz&feature=shared>`_

- `Basics Publish <https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Efk5rdFeWIA&list=PLsnxnhDZs-abvOYTdO6MPhOkPDq6ffQNz&index=1&pp=iAQB>`_

- `Basics Save <https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z-RWySQ8r7c&list=PLsnxnhDZs-abvOYTdO6MPhOkPDq6ffQNz&index=2&pp=iAQB>`_

- `Basics Subscribe <https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QaJAsMF3870&list=PLsnxnhDZs-abvOYTdO6MPhOkPDq6ffQNz&index=3&pp=iAQB>`_

- `Basics Viewer <https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6Lra3IDARNo&list=PLsnxnhDZs-abvOYTdO6MPhOkPDq6ffQNz&index=4&pp=iAQB>`_


Tutorials
----------------------

.. toctree:: 
	:titlesonly:
	:numbered:
	:glob:
	
	*


Indices and tables
-------------------

* :ref:`genindex`
* :ref:`search`

Commit message:

Youtube embedet and smaler changes and build

docs/tutorial/Quick_Guide/Quick_Guides.rst, after:

**************
Tutorials
**************
.. @gereon wenn die anderen jetzt alle tutorials heissen, müsste das dann nicht auch tutorial heissen? und wie steht die seite zur setup seite?

| Welcome to the guide overview page.

This page will give a general overview about the different parts of RADii.
In the subpages of the guide section, found at the end of this page, guides for the installation and a range of use cases, sorted by complexity can be found.


The setup for each device takes between 5 - 15 min


3 Parts of RADii
----------------------------------------------

.. topic:: RADii Account
	
	Register on  `RADii.info`_ for your own domain, more storage, advanced management and functionalities. *Register* in the user panel *and confirm* your email. It is not necessary to set a domain name.

.. topic:: RADii Viewers

	Models can be explored via the Radii Viewers, that have to be installed as stand alone programs.
	Viewers are available for a number of different operating systems such as Windows/Mac, IPhone/Android and Oculus VR. 


.. topic:: RADii Grasshopper Plugin

	The plugin enables you to publish(send) and subscribe(receive) 3D models and other geometry. It is running inside of `Rhino 3D <https://www.rhino3d.com/>`_.



.. @gereon wenn wir hier unten von tutorials reden, wäre vielleicht auch in den Überschriften der Ausdruck passender als guides


Tutorials
----------------------------------------------------

.. toctree:: 
	:titlesonly:
	:numbered:
	:glob:
	
	*


Video Tutorials
---------------------------------------------------

Should you come across discrepancies between the videos and what you encounter in RADii please return to the written manual.

Further tutorial by Thomas Lee: `RADii tutorials playlist <https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLsnxnhDZs-abvOYTdO6MPhOkPDq6ffQNz&feature=shared>`_



**Basics Publish**

.. youtube:: Efk5rdFeWIA
  :width: 90%

|

**Basics Viewer**


.. youtube:: 6Lra3IDARNo  
  :width: 90%



Indices and tables
-------------------

* :ref:`genindex`
* :ref:`search`
